ah
this is a smaller video
hello youtube people and then the 5 and in
this new tutorial
let's see how to transfer files via
bluetooth from pc to cell phones
Well first of all I want to say that
you have to have correctly
install the peripheral drivers of
bluetooth
on your computer good here to be
Honest I personally am going to go to
stop sound hardware control
and I'm going to go here administrator of
dispositives
and here I have 5 drivers
but this leaves me an error there used
an error or a warning
better said because I have to
update it manually but that's not
influences the in the permanent connection
from your phone with the computer
so I do not do it now to follow
with the good tutorial to start this
tutorial we are going to go to panel
of control add a device
and we expect maximum 1 minute until
phone appears on your phone
remember that it has to be activated
absolute and configured to show to
all incoming devices ok
let's go to my phone is already added to
computer but I will do the test
with another to see how the process is going
to select the phone and win
following
and on your phone you will appear in your
phone will appear an application
of linking your computer you
they will give
yes
to accept
and on your phone it will look like a
key for example in this example is 82
93 43 and on computer as you see
that same number also comes out then
here they will mark that if yes that is
they match
I'll try again because I
puts a lot with the explanation that I'm going
to do a little faster now
I give him to accept if
and on my cell phone he's going to say adding
the list of devices linked by
example
Bah
is going to wait a bit and we give
next and this was going to be
configuring the device
and later
installing driver software
device that is the driver and there I
is saying that it is being installed
other than the first if it is
correctly and the device was added
correctly this equipment
and here we finish the coupling
well now let's send any
archive
let's go to the folder where we have
our file that we want to send to
cellular for example any image
for example is
of the penguins we are going to click
right and we will give send to
bluetooth devices
and we're going to see that our device
following
and since it is already attached to the phone it
will receive the file automatically and
very simply
and on your phone you will show
to check that your file has been
sent without any problem and
disappear with absolute success good them
I want to say that this tool is very
simple is not at all difficult as
is the blues program or law that requires
of an external USB usb device
that program is quite complex because
requires updating followed by
learn a lot to know that program does not
it's easy, that's why people
consult a lot in other blues videos
or what have I done because the truth that
I do not understand a very difficult subject
It is a very difficult program to use
but that with time one goes away
getting used to using the program and going
can send your files or control the
computer or whatever it is correctly
good
thank you very much friends for watching this video
and until next time